 The way get to started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
 The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.” – Winston Churchill
 Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rogers
 You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” – Unknown
 It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.” – Inspirational Quote by Vince Lombardi
 If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” – Steve Jobs
 People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” – Rob Siltanen
 Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.” – Og Mandino
 Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing risk. That’s the classic entrepreneur.” – Mohnish 
Pabrai
 We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.” – Maya Angelou
 Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
 Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?” – Brian Tracy
 We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.” – Dr. Henry Link
  Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.” – Quote by Henry Ford
  Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.” – Life Quote by Helen Keller
  The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.” – Hasidic Proverb
  The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.” – Motivational Quote by Franklin D. Roosevelt
  Creativity is intelligence having fun.” – Albert Einstein
  What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time.” – Don Zimmer
  Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt
  Develop an ‘Attitude of Gratitude’. Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you.” – Encouraging Quote by Brian Tracy
  You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – C.S. Lewis
  To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage.” – Confucius
  Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body.” – Brian Tracy
  Fake it until you make it! Act as if you had all the confidence you require until it becomes your reality.” – Brian Tracy
  The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best!” – Success Quote by Brian Tracy
  For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded.” – Jack Canfield28  Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” – Positive Quote by John Wooden
  A room without books is like a body without a soul.” – Marcus Tullius Cicero
  I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.” – Michael Phelps      
  One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals.” – Michelle Obama
  Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.” – Robert H. Schuller
  The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
  You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” – Zig Ziglar
   A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.” – Brian Tracy
  There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.” – Brian Tracy
  Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word.”
  Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people”
  Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance”
  Clarity is the key to effective leadership. What are your goals?”
  The best leaders have a high Consideration Factor. They really care about their people”
  The key responsibility of leadership is to think about the future. No one else can do it for you.”
  The effective leader recognizes that they are more dependent on their people than they are on them. Walk softly.”
  Leaders never use the word failure. They look upon setbacks as learning experiences.”
  Practice Golden Rule Management in everything you do. Manage others the way you would like to be managed.”
  Superior leaders are willing to admit a mistake and cut their losses. Be willing to admit that you’ve changed your mind. Don’t persist when the original decision turns out to be a poor one.”48  Leaders are anticipatory thinkers. They consider all consequences of their behaviors before they act.”
  The true test of leadership is how well you function in a crisis.”
  Leaders concentrate single-mindedly on one thing– the most important thing, and they stay at it until it’s complete.”
  The three ‘C’s’ of leadership are Consideration, Caring, and Courtesy. Be polite to everyone.”
  Respect is the key determinant of high-performance leadership. How much people respect you determines how well they perform.”
  Leadership is more who you are than what you do.”
  Entrepreneurial leadership requires the ability to move quickly when opportunity presents itself.”
  Leaders are innovative, entrepreneurial, and future-oriented. They focus on getting the job done.”
  Leaders are never satisfied; they continually strive to be better.”